The story begins with the protagonist in Rhodos. (No HMs)
	They are required to talk to the people in town (Their parents, the neighbors and the old man)
	The old man will allow them to select their starter. No clue how as of now or which starters will be offered.
	They then board the sailboat off the north coast of Rhodos
	A storm approaches and they are dashed into rocks.
	They awaken in a house to the north of Rhodes on route 101
	The owner of the home tells them that about finding them and gives them the news that there is no way to return home from here, but they can travel around to see if someone is able to sail them home.
		This house should be your starting heal and fly point
	The protagonist then travels up route 101 to the entrance of [UNNAMED] forest.
	Minor Small Battles 
	They exit the forest to the path to Ephesus
Ephesus Arrival (No HMs)
	General wandering around town to find things out
	People talk about the Plutonion to the east and the rumors they have heard about it
	Ephesus is a port town, but mostly large trading vessels, none of which are willing to sail the protagonist home.
	There is a gym in town that is normal based and upon winning allows hm flash to be used. The protagonist is suggested to keep traveling north
Ephesus Exit (Flash)
	The player travels north from Ephesus.
	As they walk along the path they pass by the trail over to Hierapolis blocked by [LEANING TOWARDS STRENGTH]
	The player eventually arrives at a plateau with a [UNNAMED] cave through it. They need to use flash blah blah blah.
	Stuff happens in the cave
	They exit the cave to the trail to Troy
	There is a junction with a path trailing off to the north that leads around the upper portion of the map to Olympus. It is impassible due to cuttable trees blocking the path to a bridge[REQUIRES CUT]
Troy Arrival (Flash)
	The town is walled to mimic the real troy. You receive cut from this dumbass gym leader
	Their ships have all been 
	No clue what else to do here
Troy Exit (Flash | Cut)
	Walk to junction passed by prior and cut down the bushes blocking the bridge and walk across on the way to mt olympus.
	Weird journey, stuff happens.
	Pass by the junction to mt athos, Blocked by waterfall on both this side and the sea facing side [FIND A LEGENDARY THERE Most likely mew or mewtwo depending on alignment]
Mt Olympus Arrival (Flash | Cut)
	Can only do most things at the base of the mountain
	Small town with mart and pokecenter
	Elite four is blocked from player by normal methods (full required hm set)
Delphi Arrival (Flash | Cut)
	

Delphi Exit 


Thebos Arrival


Thebos Exit


Athens Arrival


Athens Exit


Olympia Arrival

Olympia Exit


Sparta Arrival


Sparta Exit

Knossos Arrival

Knossos Exit



Mt Olympus Leads to Elite Four (All HMS)
	Travel up victory road which is the sides of the mountain using all of the required HMs
	Somehow require that I be present when she plays this part
	Just prior to arrival at elite four Luke finally catches up with her
		I give her a charmander (the only way to get it in the game)
		Ask the question!!
	She carries on the elite four which I will have to come up with
Mt Athos (Not Sure Yet)
	All I know is that the player can either catch mew or mewtwo here based on alignment, good or evil.
	Mew will be a significantly higher level

Atlantis
